# What is it

The library syncs JSON files generated by [cmp-json-desc](https://github.com/dmwcz/cmp-json-desc) with given documentation in uuBookKit.

# How to

There are 2 files for different purposes, `sync-with-bookkit.js` to update components' pages and `sync-modules-with-bookkit.js` to update components list pages.

In both files you have to setup the same things:

    const FROM = 'path to generated json files with docs';
    const token = "your oidc token to communicate with uuApps";
    
    // urls to loadPage and updatePage uuCmds
    const url = "https://uuos9.plus4u.net/uu-bookkitg01-main/78462435-6aae4ea575d14fd59108ce815e25fe59/loadPage";
    const updateUrl = "https://uuos9.plus4u.net/uu-bookkitg01-main/78462435-6aae4ea575d14fd59108ce815e25fe59/updatePage";

In generated JSON files you have to setup `pageCode` to connect description file with uuBookKit page. Then you can execute

    node sync-with-bookkit.js
    
# What is implemented

In current state, the library can handle component description, propTypes, interfaces, mixins, statics and list of used components. Basically all that is required by uuAppDesign to this day.

As description for used components, it uses provided description in those components so it is enough to write all the descriptions just once.

The library can currently handle only existing pages and creates backup of each page it is about to update.

# TODO

There is a lot to be done, mainly code cleanup. This is kind of working prototype with a lot of functionality missing.
* Code cleanup
* GUI to connect existing pages with generated JSON files
* uuBookKit synchronization - take existing data and update JSON files
* Create new pages
* JSON file composition - same things could be described once in "common file" and just imported
* and the rest what is missing :)
